# MobileAppProject
1. Summarize the Requirements and Goals of the App: The Requirements and Goals of the app were to provide a secure platform for users to track events. It aimed to store user data securely and ensure the privacy of the user with user authetication.
2. Describe screens and features: The apps home screen includes the login and registration for new users to access app including using a password to secure privacy of the user. The main dashboard acts like a central page so that user can navigate to designated pages of their choice based on their needs for the app like adding, deleting, or modifying an event. 
3. Explain coding approach: I used a structured coding approach that separated front-end and back-end functionality. I wanted to make sure only verified users were the only ones able to access their account and data stored in their account once entering username and password setup when registering. I wanted to guarantee that the authentication process was secure and reliable. Structuring the app modularly allowed me to test and debug individual components of the app separately. In future projects I expect to use these techniques by implementing advanced security features like two factor authentication. This project reinforced the importance of design and simplicity and security to approach my future projects.
4. How did you test to ensure your code was functional? Why is this process important and what did it reveal? I performed both unit testing and integration testing to ensure the apps functionality. Testing was crucial to identify bugs and issues early on in the development process. There were errors that needed to be corrected by tweaking.
5. Consider the full app design and development process from initial planning to finalization. Where did you have to innovate to overcome a challenge? The biggest challenge was making sure the database and authentication features were working perfectly. I also had to focus on maintaining a clean UI which required problem solving to ensure user experience was without error.
6. In what specific component of your mobile app were you particularly successful in demonstrating your knowledge, skills, and epxerience? I feel like I was successful with creating the username and password screen as well as the user authentication and database integration. I feel like I was able to show my skills in user-centered design to ensure simple and easy user experience with the app. Even though this project was challenging I believe I demonstrated as well as I could a functional app.
